from public it is the first of a series of educational tools
editorial state is it that will allow all
Children learn corridor simultaneously seven languages ​​in addition
French English stories
Mandarin and Portuguese
We live in a globalized world of constant changes where distances
shorten the technology evolves rapidly and it is the communication the
that connects us with business
society and diverse cultures
speaking another language should no longer be a privilege
in this millennium the new illiterate christie's does not know another language but more
there are different job and educational opportunities to learn languages
it is a healthy exercise for our brain
this is demonstrated by recent psychiatric studies at the University of
california in los angeles
by speaking a second language, cognitive functions improve intelligence
and also the perception and memory
at birth the human being has 100 billion neurons
which have little contact with each other
and with the simplest experience
so brain circuits are activated to form connections between them in a
process called synapsis
by frequently repeating an experience the brain connections are
stabilize
and the experience becomes part of the individual's knowledge
this is how knowledge shapes the brain during the first two years
of life and until the age of 7 the development of these connections
increases so that the progressive iva
but then it slows down
and it almost stops at the end of early childhood
a process known as brain visits
it is for this reason that there is here
units we wanted to develop in early childhood we did not manage to do it
later the opportunity is lost forever
let's see why
each entourage experience represents a neural network let's say a road of
information
what happens if in our childhood we did not create enough entity with
unicaja when acquiring new knowledge and not making space to travel
he would have difficulties
correctly
Therefore, by early building a large number of roads
communication information traffic will be permanent agility
well judge the polyglot ism
so each language creates an independent path
facilitating activities such as logic
the math
and music among others
when speaking another language, the small muscles of the ear will be used differently
and the associated nerve circuits is the one and that controls the voice that
influences thinking and language structures involving
all the nervous system
our ears at birth are open to all language frequencies
however with the time finished it only synchronizes the common frequencies
of diagnosis that surrounds them ie the mother tongue
the voice only reproduces the only ones that can capture oblivion, this is why
after a while, introducing another language is hard to memorize and
to pronounce
It should be remembered that it is repetition that reinforces learning
it's all steve purdy crockery uses native and specialized shepherds
so that our children carstens and adapt salander this castro insisted
in which if each of the seven languages
besides, the music that composes the soundtrack of our method is rich in
sound elements with musical textures that cover the entire spectrum
musical
which so the polyglot pt method would be a tool of
full educational stimulation insuates
auditory
Itatí olfactory is 100% sensory
assuming that education is more effective
the editorial journalist we consider that our children
about the future of our society interest in receiving while a
adequate education for the purchasing power of the dollar the skills
basic idioms
as parents kyle shipyard heats it is our duty to accompany our
children in their first steps on the path of languages
and so
april fresh forces for future success
this year
our hands make the difference